# Overview
A quick little Python program I wrote up to alert via a MacroDroid notification me when an email comes into my Gmail inbox that contains a designated word.

## Technologies
* Python
* G-Suite (Gmail) APIs
* MacroDroid

## Details
The program is set to check my Gmail inbox every 15 minutes for 8 hours for emails that have "Interview" in the subject line. The program only checks for unread emails, that are not promotional, spam, or related to any social networking services. If no relevant emails containing the trigger word (i.e. "Interview") are found, the program sleeps for another 15 minutes before checking again.

If a relevant email is found, the email's full subject line and from address are stored as a key-value pair. That key-value pair is then send to a unique MacroDroid webhook url, which triggers a macro on my phone that sends me a push notification containing the subject line and the sender's email address.  

## MacroDroid Setup
In MacroDroid, I have Webhook (URL) setup in a macro with two local string variables where I store the Subject and Sender values. The Subject and Sender values are piped into a Display Notification and then the values are cleared from the two local variables after being sent to my phone and smartwatch.

The format for sending to MacroDroid Webhook URL via code is:

https://trigger.macrodroid.com/{deviceId}{yourIdentifier}?VAR1={v}&VAR2={k}

For this use case I plugged in my Identifier at the end of the base Webhook URL generated by the macro, then I added "?Subject={v}&Sender={k}" to the end in my code.

In the macro itself, I just added my Identifier to the base URL generated by the MacroDroid Webhook URL trigger. 

Note: Your local variables must already be created before you configured your URL

In the Display Notification Actions, I configured my Title and then set "Notification text" to "{lv=Subject}{lv=Sender}" and that piped in the values associated with those local variables correctly when the notification was sent to my devices.